What are the "active" and "onlyWhenActive" properties supposed to be? All modules can be active or not active, so we shouldn't even need to specify either of those in the individual modules files. The way the modules should work is that some will be active by default, and some will require being toggled or held on to be active. For example we need to press 'h' to toggle the horn spinning,  but the thrusters should only show the thruster trails when the forward (up) arrow is pressed. Ideally we actually want the thrusters to be a pair where there's a left one and a right one, where holding the left arrow spins the ship left and shows just the right thruster trail, and the right arrow spins the ship right and only shows the left thruster trail, and holding forward shows both the thruster trails. We don't want to implement the keyboard input handling right now though. Oh also all ships and modules need to have a "price" property which is how much they will cost to buy in the game. Make up some placeholder numbers for them. Those numbers will also be used to repair them, like it will cost 10% of the cost of a module to repair it. Oh also we do  not want thruster points to be per ship as they are now - as in, thrusters should always have a point where they are placed on the ship,  but that will just specify where the arrow is (pointing left), and the horn should be the same, it should have a specific coordinate position on the ship. In fact I think we should rethink that a bit further, and have mounting points for things. So for example our mustang ship has a mounting point for thrusters, which is on the back of the ship  (left center), and we should specify that the mustang has a named type of thruster like "small dual thrusters", and there should also be a mounting point for the horn, which is the front center where it is currently. That mounting point could mount other things instead, like "small dual guns" (although we don't have any gun ship module yet). We will eventually add a shield module as well, which could be positioned on a mounting point in the center of the large rear (left as it's displayed currently) triangle hull segment. Additionally, we want the mustang to have two more mounting points on the front on the angled (two longest lines on the front of the ship). Those two will be able to have either small guns or other weaponry, or act as cargo flaps. The cargo flap module needs to be able to "open" when active, which we will need an animation for the opening which it will then hold its open state while active, and then go back in reverse to it's original animation state when closed (made no longer active) state. Those cargo hatches should for now be painted pink like the thrusters, and should just be a pair of lines that opens up from being like this: `____` (flat underneath the edge of the ship) to being more like `\__/` where the lines rotate centered on the edges as if opening up from the center. Each mounting point will have a restricted number of things that can be mounted on it, for example on the mustang, as mentioned already, the front center mounting point could have a horn or a gun, the side mounting points could have guns or cargo scoops but could not have a horn, the rear mounting point could have thrusters of various types (but we only have one type, the "small dual thrusters" right now), and the rear hull mounting point could have a shield. We also want to have some modules,  like the sheild, take up some cargo space. So each ship needs to have a certain amount of cargo space, and each module will take up 0 or more cargo space. I'm not entirely sure what should dictate the orientation of the modules, but horns and guns should always be pointing right (to the front of the ship) and thrusters should always be pointing left (to the rear of the ship). Maybe cargo scoops could always be pointing to the right as well, and if it's symetical then when it animages to open... on the left of the ship we'd see the left half of the scoop and on the right of the ship we'd see the right half of the scoop? So it wouldn't matter if some is hidden underneath the ship and we don't need to give them specific ship-dependant angles?


I do not want angles for modules at all. They should just have a position and a model and/or animation. The thruster animation should show or hide the thruster flares (and the thruster modules shouldn't have a model outside of that). Some modules like the thrusters and cargo flaps and guns should be rendered underneath the ships hull, and other modules like the horn and shield should be rendered over the top. I also do not want to have "fits" string arrays - we should specifically use actual modules, like fits should be an array with actual references to either the cargoFlap ship module itself, or the cargoFlap.name (yes... our ship modules do all need names). Also we should rename cargoFlap to cargoScoop (and call it's name "Cargo Scoop"). We also do not need the horn to have a spin-up time, it should just go full speed immediately. Also we should call segments of a ships hull "hullSegments" instead of just "segments". Also our small dual thrusters in our code should be called thrusterDualSm and we also want to have a thrusterSingleSm and we also want a thrusterDualMd and a thrusterSingleMd and a thrusterTripleSm and thrusterTripleMd and a thrusterSingleLg. We should create modules for all of those with prices, and with names like "Dual Small Thrusters". Also we need to have some sort of category or list for them, I guess in the modules/index.js, or maybe as a thing in a tags array in the modules themselves, to group them, so that we could e.g. display all thrusters at once in a list in the game.  The triple thrusters should have a larger center thruster one that's about twice the size of the two smaller ones off to the size. Thrusters also need to have a thrust value which should be used to determine both the max speed and acceleration of a ship. Also I don't like the "triggers" property of the modules - we do need to have a way to specify "when I press 'c' it toggles the cargo scoops being open or closed (active or not active)" but I don't think the triggers thing you setup is a good way to do that. I also want you to add a shield module which should  be a small circle with an + shape inside it where the + shape spins while the shield is active. The shield module should be toggled with the 's' key. The ships horn should be toggled with the 'h' key. We will be using the keyboard input for the modules and movement of a player's ship, but there will be other ships in the world too, controlled by AI that we do not need to implement quite yet, but those AI ships will also have modules specified and will be using modules like horns and cargo flaps etc. too, but obviously without the keyboard inputs to toggle them.
